Let's take a look into graphnode.cpp to see how this works.
So as you can see at the top we have the constructor which assigns the ID,
we have the destructor which deletes the chat bot
once it moves away from the graph node or once the graph node is destroyed.
Then we add a token here,
we add an edge to the parent node,
we add an edge to the child node which is setting up the graph structure which
happens only a single time during load antigraph from file is executed.
Then here is the student code for actually moving the chat bot
here and also for moving the chat bot to the new node.
Moving chat bot here,
this requires us to pass the chatbot's handle to a current node.
So we'll have a node, we call the function move
chat bot here on the node and we pass it the handle of the chat bot.
So this is actually called from another position.
When we want to move to a new node we call this function on the node,
we pass the chat bot handle,
then the chat bot is sent to the internal handle underscore chat bot which
redirects the handle to the heap allocated incidence of
chat bot and then it sets the current node.
This one here is closely related to it,
move chat bot to new node.
This one moves the chat bot away from
a certain node and these are very closely intertwined here.
So from another node,
you would call a move chat bot to new node,
you would tell the function which new node you want to move it to,
then here inside we actually call the function
move chat bot here which we just discussed.
We pass it the chat bot and after the chat bot has
been passed when we finish here and before we start here,
we have two pointers pointing to
the same chat bot instance at least for a very brief moment in time.
Once we execute this line here,
we invalidate the chat bot pointer
which is at the node which we are currently leaving with a chat bot.
So the chat bot moves through the network and as soon as it leaves the node,
the chat bot pointer of the node which is left is
invalidated and the chat bot pointer at the node to
which the chat bot moves gets assigned
the handle of the heap memory or the chat bot instance lives.
This one here, it gets child edge at index
as a helper function which plays a role in one of the tasks,
but I won't go into too many details for now here.